Workflow Instructions:

First we check the current phase using the <Current Phase> button on the UI.
Initially the current phase is Init.

Now we select the chairperson account in metamask and select the phase as Register from the Phase drop down menu and press the change phase button.
Now our phase is changed to the Register phase.

In register phase we now can register a voter and the petitions.
Petitions are displayed on the web page, the chairperson registers them using the register button on the UI.
We first register all the petitions displayed on the UI (4 of them).
Then we register voters by selecting their addresses from the drop down address list.
We select the attributes of the voters <Expert, Age, Voter Scope> and click on the register button.

To register the petition, we click on the register button on the petition.
The chairperson or any registered voter can register a petition.

Now, we select the Vote phase from the phase drop down list and click on change phase.
Our phase is now changed to the Vote Phase.

We now select the registered user account from MetaMask and click on Vote For or Vote Against for a registered petition.
The vote is recorded and we can do the voting for multiple registered addresses.

Now we select the chairperson address and change the Phase to the Donate Phase, using the phase drop down menu and the change state button. 

Now the phase is changed to donate phase and we can now donate the amount in dollars using any address from Ropsten, it could be a registered voter or a non-registered person.

We now move to the next phase which is phase Done using the chairperson's address and using the change phase button on the UI.
Once our phase is Done, any address , registered or non-registered can query the petition status  using the PetitionStatus button on the particular petition.
Once this button is clicked we can get the number of For and Against votes displayed on the UI.
Similarly we can get the donation amount for a particular petition using any of the addresses(users).
The donation amount will be displayed in the alert box.
